Good morning all,
Anis, Gaya and myself, Lucile, are three students at the University of Paris 8, and decided to work around the legendary Sorbonne building as part of our license in mobile web design. This project, which therefore revolves around the Sorbonne, will have us create a mobile application as well as a website to highlight our project.
Melody Laurent, who is project manager at SIRIS, that is to say the Inter-University Service of the Sorbonne's IT network, therefore offered us to work around the Sorbonne in order to enhance its historical and cultural heritage through an application that traces its history from its construction to today through a game that contains multiple puzzles.

Our project is to create a game for smartphones containing puzzles to allow students to learn the history of the Sorbonne in a fun and fun way. The game has two modes, a walk mode as well as a timed mode. In the timed mode, the user has a limited time to solve the puzzles. There is also a ranking with the players who answered the puzzles the quickest in order to bring some dynamism to the game and create a competitive spirit.
Our application is therefore intended for students who can access the main building of the Sorbonne and can also be used during heritage days as an attractive medium to learn more about the history of this emblematic place.
The purpose of our application is therefore to highlight the history of the Sorbonne by making it attractive to students, to enhance the heritage through digital technology, in particular through the design of historical content in our application.
As you understand our application is registered in the main building of the Sorbonne in historic Paris. This place has 800 years of history, from the Middle Ages to the present day and was built in 1253 by Robert de Sorbon, hence the name of the Sorbonne.